apps/docs/src/content/css/start/quick-start.mdx, before:

---
title: Quick Start
description: Install Winnie CSS and start styling your next application in minutes.
---

import { Circle, Fullscreen, Layers3, SwatchBook } from "lucide-react";

import WhatsNextCardGrid from "./_components/whats-next-card-grid.astro";
import WhatsNextCard from "./_components/whats-next-card.astro";

Winnie CSS is a collection of CSS primitives designed to help style applications in any framework. Whether you use plain old CSS, Tailwind, or any variety of CSS-in-JS, Winnie CSS provides the primitive styles you need to build the best experience for your users.

## Installation

### Install Winnie CSS

The simplest way to get up and running with Winnie CSS in any app is to start by installing Winnie CSS with the package manager of your choice. We will use `npm`, but `yarn` and `pnpm` also work as well.

```bash
npm install @winnie-ui/css
```

### Import the Style Sheet

Once you have Winnie CSS installed, you can then import the stylesheet in the root of your application.

```css title="global.css"
@import "@winnie-ui/css";
```

### Configure your Theme

Now, with Winnie CSS installed and imported, it's time to configure your theme. Winnie CSS allows you to choose the accent color, scale and border radius of your app.

```tsx title="root.tsx" {6-10}
export default function Root() {
  return (
    <html>
      <head>...</head>
      <body
        class="winnie-ui"
        data-accent-color="purple"
        data-scale="100%"
        data-radius="md"
        data-theme="light"
      >
        <App />
      </body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

To see how these different attributes affect the look and feel of an application, play around with the theme selector located in the top left. Everything in this documentation is built 100% with Winnie CSS.

## Acknowledgements

Winnie wouldn't be where it is today without the work done by other projects in the community including:

- [Radix Themes](https://www.radix-ui.com/)
- [Open Props](https://github.com/argyleink/open-props)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## Whats Next

Congrats! You are now ready to start working with Winnie CSS in your project. If you are a lover of [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), we got you. Head over to [Working with Tailwind](/css/docs/working-with-tailwind), to learn more about how you can use Winnie CSS with Tailwind v4.

<WhatsNextCardGrid>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="blue"
    title="Accent Color"
    description="Precision crafted colors that personalize your application."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/accent-color"
  >
    <SwatchBook />
  </WhatsNextCard>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="purple"
    title="Layers"
    description="Control the cascade of Winnie CSS with layers."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/layers"
  >
    <Layers3 />
  </WhatsNextCard>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="red"
    title="Radius"
    description="Adjust the feeling of your application is by changing the radius of corners."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/radius"
  >
    <Circle />
  </WhatsNextCard>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="green"
    title="Scaling"
    description="Change the density of your application."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/scaling"
  >
    <Fullscreen />
  </WhatsNextCard>
</WhatsNextCardGrid>

Commit message:

feat(apps-docs): adds note on reducing the bundle size

apps/docs/src/content/css/start/quick-start.mdx, after:

---
title: Quick Start
description: Install Winnie CSS and start styling your next application in minutes.
---

import { Circle, Fullscreen, Layers3, SwatchBook } from "lucide-react";

import WhatsNextCardGrid from "./_components/whats-next-card-grid.astro";
import WhatsNextCard from "./_components/whats-next-card.astro";

Winnie CSS is a collection of CSS primitives designed to help style applications in any framework. Whether you use plain old CSS, Tailwind, or any variety of CSS-in-JS, Winnie CSS provides the primitive styles you need to build the best experience for your users.

## Installation

### Install Winnie CSS

The simplest way to get up and running with Winnie CSS in any app is to start by installing Winnie CSS with the package manager of your choice. We will use `npm`, but `yarn` and `pnpm` also work as well.

```bash
npm install @winnie-ui/css
```

### Import the Style Sheet

Once you have Winnie CSS installed, you can then import the stylesheet in the root of your application.

```css title="global.css"
@import "@winnie-ui/css";
```

If you want to reduce your css bundle size, you can import just the css you need and nothing more. We recommend you at least import the layers and then go from there. Each specific variable page outlines what needs to be imported in order to have access to the variables.

```css title="global.css"
@import "@winnie-ui/css/layer";
```

### Configure your Theme

Now, with Winnie CSS installed and imported, it's time to configure your theme. Winnie CSS allows you to choose the accent color, scale and border radius of your app.

```tsx title="root.tsx" {6-10}
export default function Root() {
  return (
    <html>
      <head>...</head>
      <body
        class="winnie-ui"
        data-accent-color="purple"
        data-scale="100%"
        data-radius="md"
        data-theme="light"
      >
        <App />
      </body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

To see how these different attributes affect the look and feel of an application, play around with the theme selector located in the top left. Everything in this documentation is built 100% with Winnie CSS.

## Acknowledgements

Winnie wouldn't be where it is today without the work done by other projects in the community including:

- [Radix Themes](https://www.radix-ui.com/)
- [Open Props](https://github.com/argyleink/open-props)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## Whats Next

Congrats! You are now ready to start working with Winnie CSS in your project. If you are a lover of [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), we got you. Head over to [Working with Tailwind](/css/docs/working-with-tailwind), to learn more about how you can use Winnie CSS with Tailwind v4.

<WhatsNextCardGrid>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="blue"
    title="Accent Color"
    description="Precision crafted colors that personalize your application."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/accent-color"
  >
    <SwatchBook />
  </WhatsNextCard>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="purple"
    title="Layers"
    description="Control the cascade of Winnie CSS with layers."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/layers"
  >
    <Layers3 />
  </WhatsNextCard>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="red"
    title="Radius"
    description="Adjust the feeling of your application is by changing the radius of corners."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/radius"
  >
    <Circle />
  </WhatsNextCard>
  <WhatsNextCard
    color="green"
    title="Scaling"
    description="Change the density of your application."
    link="/css/docs/concepts/scaling"
  >
    <Fullscreen />
  </WhatsNextCard>
</WhatsNextCardGrid>
