apps/docs/src/content/react/components/text.mdx, before:

---
title: Text 
description: Foundational text component.
---

import { TextDemo, TextSizeDemo, TextWeightDemo, TextColorDemo, TextContrastDemo, TextAlignDemo } from "./text.tsx";

import Demo from "~/components/demo/demo.astro";

<Demo>
  <TextDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx
    <Text>Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

## Import

Import the text component.

```tsx
import { Text } from "@winnie-ui/react/text";
```

## Anatomy

Arrange the components in the structure below.

```tsx
<Text />
```

## Examples

### Size

Use the `size` prop to change the size of the text.

<Demo>
  <TextSizeDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=size="<size>"
    <Text size="<size>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Weight 

Use the `weight` prop to change the weight of the text.

<Demo>
  <TextWeightDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=weight="<weight>"
    <Text weight="<weight>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Color 

Use the `color` prop to change the color of the text.

<Demo>
  <TextColorDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=color="<color>"
    <Text color="<color>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Contrast 

Use the `contrast` prop to change the contrast the text.

<Demo>
  <TextContrastDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=contrast="<contrast>"
    <Text contrast="<contrast>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Align 

Use the `align` prop to change how the text is aligned.

<Demo>
  <TextAlignDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=align="<align>"
    <Text align="<align>">Some text</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

## Reference

### Props

| Prop | Type | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------- | --- |
| `align` | `"left" \| "center" \| "right"` | `left` |
| `color` | `"brand" \| "red" \| "orange" \| "yellow" \| "green" \| "blue" \| "purple" \| "pink" \| "grey"` | `undefined` |
| `contrast`   | `"low" \| "normal" \| "high"`                      | `"high"` |
| `size`   | `"1" \| "2" \| "3" \| "3" \| "4" \| "5" \| "6" \| "7" \| "8" \| "9"`                      | `"3"` |
| `weight`   | `"normal" \| "medium" \| "semibold" \| "bold" \| "extra-bold"`                      | `"normal"` |

Commit message:

feat: adds callout for react aria in docs

apps/docs/src/content/react/components/text.mdx, after:

---
title: Text 
description: Foundational text component.
documentation: https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-aria/index.html
---

import { TextDemo, TextSizeDemo, TextWeightDemo, TextColorDemo, TextContrastDemo, TextAlignDemo } from "./text.tsx";

import Demo from "~/components/demo/demo.astro";

<Demo>
  <TextDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx
    <Text>Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

## Import

Import the text component.

```tsx
import { Text } from "@winnie-ui/react/text";
```

## Anatomy

Arrange the components in the structure below.

```tsx
<Text />
```

## Examples

### Size

Use the `size` prop to change the size of the text.

<Demo>
  <TextSizeDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=size="<size>"
    <Text size="<size>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Weight 

Use the `weight` prop to change the weight of the text.

<Demo>
  <TextWeightDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=weight="<weight>"
    <Text weight="<weight>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Color 

Use the `color` prop to change the color of the text.

<Demo>
  <TextColorDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=color="<color>"
    <Text color="<color>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Contrast 

Use the `contrast` prop to change the contrast the text.

<Demo>
  <TextContrastDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=contrast="<contrast>"
    <Text contrast="<contrast>">Thin crust pizza topped with melting mozzarella.</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

### Align 

Use the `align` prop to change how the text is aligned.

<Demo>
  <TextAlignDemo />
  <Fragment slot="footer">
    ```tsx ins=align="<align>"
    <Text align="<align>">Some text</Text>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</Demo>

## Reference

React Aria does not provide documentation for this component.

| Prop | Type | Default |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------- | --- |
| `align` | `"left" \| "center" \| "right"` | `left` |
| `color` | `"brand" \| "red" \| "orange" \| "yellow" \| "green" \| "blue" \| "purple" \| "pink" \| "grey"` | `undefined` |
| `contrast`   | `"low" \| "normal" \| "high"`                      | `"high"` |
| `size`   | `"1" \| "2" \| "3" \| "3" \| "4" \| "5" \| "6" \| "7" \| "8" \| "9"`                      | `"3"` |
| `weight`   | `"normal" \| "medium" \| "semibold" \| "bold" \| "extra-bold"`                      | `"normal"` |
